>> Mike North: So,
the next topic we're gonna cover
is we're gonna a little bit
into work space customization.
So, this last set of topics is,
this had to do with customizing
visual studio code to meet our needs.
And then we're gonna just touch on
the two elements beyond that tasks and
launch configurations.
So, we've already dealt with tasks, sorry,
we've already been working with launch
configurations, we're gonna
dive a little bit deeper.
Alright, let's kill this, cause we
don't need it anymore and here we go.
All right, so why would we want
to customize our work space here?
Well, first off, you spend a lot
of time in your code editor.
This is the same reason developers
tend to buy decent headphones,
like if you're listening to music all day,
you may as well make it a good
experience for yourself.
You may as well have a nice chair
because you're in it all day,
and you may as well like,
tweak your editor so
that, you know, it's not straining your
eyes, and so you can really review,
if you open up a piece of code, you can
see what's going on with greater ease.
So what can configuration do for you?
It can noticeably increase your speed
if you get the right plugins and you
get key bindings set up so that you can
you don't do things quickly, that's good.
Just changing the look and feel can
make things easier to read and write.
You can spot errors more easily if you
add things like static analysis tools and
through color schemes you can
noticeably reduce fatigue and
give your eyes a couple of extra years
before you start to have vision problems.
Which we're all likely
to have a little bit,
but we may as well put that
off as long as we can.
So in terms of levels of customization,
you can do this in a couple
of different ways.
And this is,
these are listed from most specific and
highest Precedent downward.
So you can save some settings
right in the project,
like this can be part of your stuff
that you're checking in to get,
and this might be things that
pertain to this specific code base.
You can make that something you share with
your whole team, anyone who's using VS
code will like, read that file and
they'll get whatever's in that file.
Then you have user specific settings, and
these, depending on which OS you're using,
they're available in various places.
The easiest way to access them for,
on a Mac at least is command comma.
And you see we've got this nice little
like user settings editor here.
We will dive in in a moment.
There are the defaults
that chip with the editor.
That is the lowest level,
a complete set of preferences.
So if you haven't defined
anything in your project, or
it's a user setting,
you will get the default.
It's sort of the lowest level, but
you fall back to that if you
don't find anything else.